EG-3134: Updating release notes for CENM 1.3.1 (#190)
corda/corda-docs: content/en/docs/cenm/1.3/release-notes.md

# Release notes

## Release 1.3.1

CENM 1.3.1 introduces fixes to known issues in CENM 1.3.

### Fixed issues

* Pki pod fails to generate due to file `out.pkcs12`  not found in `/opt/cenm/HSM` in pki pod.

> * HSM passwords are not hidden in services logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where HSM passwords were not hidden in CENM Services' logs.
```

> * Zone service accidentally removes "mode" field from the Signer's config with Utimaco and fails to return it to the Angel service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the Zone Service accidentally removed the `mode` field from the Signing Service's configuration with Utimaco, and failed to return it to the Angel Service.
```

> * `keyPassword` is not hidden in log files for each service with configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where `keyPassword` was not hidden in log files for each CENNM Service with a configuration file.
```

> * Not clear error message with not handled exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with an unclear error message for unhandled exceptions.
```
